1. What is a linkedlist? - A linear data structure where each element is a separate object, A linked lis
    is a dynamic data structure because the number of nodes is not fixed . (doubly linkedlist, a circular linked list)

2. What is cloud computing. - The delivery of computing services - servers, storage, databases, networking
    software and more over the internet. IaaS, PaaS, SaaS, serverless
    Infrastructure as a service
    Platform as a service
    serverless
    Software as a service

3. What is your favourite hardware product? - A pentel pen, it was smooth in writing, it had a proper gripo,
     and when I was writing with it, I felt as though my handwriting was improving - (also girls seem to like it)

     CONS: - It's made of plastic materials, the ink is not refillable, and if exposed to too much heat, it
     doesn't return to normal form.
4. What is your favourite software product? - stackoverflow, I like the execution of stakc overflow,
    people helping each other on coding problems. Most of the answers are there, I don't know which came first
    but there's a whole world of Q's and A's on stackoverflow and related sites
    CONS: it ahas become very toxic to new users, with questions being frequently flagged duplicate
    or that old users belittle newbies (it's more elitist, but I find COmputer science would be harder and
    slower).

5. What have you bought recently that you like a lot.
    - I bought an iphone SE moving from my dead Oneplus 3T. I had a friend borrow me an iphone 6plus 
    to run with it whilst i was still looking for a phone. It was big, couldn't fit inn my pocket, the
    screen was great for gaming, youtube videos and a lot (the more screen, the more time you spend wiht your
    phone).
    I wanted a running phone, the iphone se was the perfect candidate, and thus I bought it.
    It's abit slower compared to my one plus 3t, it often takes forever to respond to touches and ios 12
    is not really doing well for the iphone se becauase of the  aggressive ram management.
6. 